Clarify that test-unit ships with Ruby (#212)
test-unit/test-unit: README.md

programming software development methodology, for Smalltalk's SUnit. It allows
writing tests, checking results and automated testing in Ruby.

> test-unit ships as part of Ruby's standard library. To check which version is included, see https://stdgems.org/test-unit/.

Reviewer: test-unit isn't bundled as a standard library.
test-unit is bundled as a bundled gem.

See also: https://www.slideshare.net/hsbt/how-to-develop-the-standard-libraries-of-ruby

Author: Thanks, how about:
```suggestion
test-unit ships as part of Ruby as a bundled gem. To check which version is included, see https://stdgems.org/test-unit/.
```
